(Semi Broken) Todo App!

Hello!

Your task with this PhishMe homework is to fix the bugs and improve the application however you see fit along the way.

The specs are already all green and should still be green when you're finished.

(!!) - urgent
(!) - high priority
() - normal priority

At the end of this README you'll also find some optional features; these are NOT required but please feel free to tackle as many or as few of them as you would like.

For this homework, spend as much time as you need or want, but keep in mind that it should be a representation of the best work you can do.

BUGS

-X (!!) Creating todo items is currently broken

-X (!) Projects with the same title should not be allowed

-X () When the option to clear completed items is clicked and there are no
  completed items the message should not say "Completed items were successfully
  cleared." but instead "There are no completed items for this project."

IMPROVEMENTS

- (!!) Add a column for "Date Added" to the report generated by `rake todo:reports:csv`.
  Use the Item's `created_at` attribute for this column.
- (!) Switch to "soft" deletes of projects and items. That is flag them as
  deleted in the database and hide them from the UI, but don't actually delete
  them from the database.
- () The UI is a mess. Try and clean it up a bit and make it consistent.

SECURITY

- (!!) Add the necessary tools (to the Gemfile if they are ruby based) to help
  you understand and analyze the code from a security perspective.
  Commit any necessary changes in order to remediate issues you find.

NEW FEATURES

- (!) Add a rake task that outputs all projects and their todo items to the command line.

For example:

    Project One
    - [X] Todo Item 1
    - [ ] Todo Item 2
    - [ ] Todo Item 3

    Project Two
    - [ ] Todo Item 1

OPTIONAL FEATURES

- Create an API endpoint at `/api/projects/` that lists all projects and their associated items, adhering to the JSON API format.  Project attributes should include 'title'.  Item attributes should include 'action', 'done'.
- Extend the API for full CRUD support on projects and items.
- Refactor the UI so that creating new projects or adding new project items does not require a page reload/refresh.
- As a user, when I visit the projects index page, then there should be a hyperlink that allows me to download the completed items CSV
- As a user, when I visit the project show page for a given project, then I should see a hyperlink to export that project and its items, and I should be able to choose whether the export includes all items, completed items, or not completed items.
